How could he?
Why are you not dead yet?
That is God's experience
It's a realm beyond the reach of mortals like me
How about god
Gods and Buddhas
Tang is dead
This is my final strike
With the broken sword in your hand
I see how you cut me
The old sword still has lingering power
Broken fronts can also kill enemies
Qingyun Xianjun
Do you recognize this person?
This scumbag
Aoxue, leave me alone
Kill him to avenge countless Wang sinners next door
qingyun
You are weaker
This life cycle
Let you have too many feelings that you shouldn't have
And these feelings
It will weigh you down
No.
On one side is the mother who gave birth to you and raised you
On one side is the world
How would you choose?